README.md, before:

### a set of libraries for loading bionic-linked .so files on musl/glibc

the bionic linker under `bionic_translation/linker/` is taken from https://github.com/Cloudef/android2gnulinux and partly modified for our purposes  
the pthread wrapper under `bionic_translation/pthread_wrapper/` is taken from the same place, and augmented with additional missing wrapper functions  
same with `bionic_translation/libc/`  
`bionic_translation/wrapper/` is a helper for these, also from android2gnulinux  
`bionic_translation/libstdc++_standalone` is taken from bionic sources and coerced to compile; it's just "a minimum implementation of libc++ functionality not provided by compiler",
and things break when it's not linked in and android libs try to call into it and instead end up in the glibc or llvm libc++ implementations  

### note on debugging with gdb

At least with glibc, the following completely fixes issues with shared library load notifications:
```
objcopy -R .note.stapsdt /usr/lib64/ld-linux-x86-64.so.2 ld-linux-x86-64.so.2-nostap
gdb --args ./ld-linux-x86-64.so.2-nostap debugged-executable
```
This ensures that gdb is unable to use the stap-probe-based system for communication with
the system linker, and will fall back to using the r_debug mechanism.

Commit message:

README.md: add note on manually loading symbols

README.md, after:

### a set of libraries for loading bionic-linked .so files on musl/glibc

the bionic linker under `bionic_translation/linker/` is taken from https://github.com/Cloudef/android2gnulinux and partly modified for our purposes  
the pthread wrapper under `bionic_translation/pthread_wrapper/` is taken from the same place, and augmented with additional missing wrapper functions  
same with `bionic_translation/libc/`  
`bionic_translation/wrapper/` is a helper for these, also from android2gnulinux  
`bionic_translation/libstdc++_standalone` is taken from bionic sources and coerced to compile; it's just "a minimum implementation of libc++ functionality not provided by compiler",
and things break when it's not linked in and android libs try to call into it and instead end up in the glibc or llvm libc++ implementations  

### note on debugging with gdb

At least with glibc, the following sometimes fixes issues with shared library load notifications:
```
objcopy -R .note.stapsdt /usr/lib64/ld-linux-x86-64.so.2 ld-linux-x86-64.so.2-nostap
gdb --args ./ld-linux-x86-64.so.2-nostap debugged-executable
```
This ensures that gdb is unable to use the stap-probe-based system for communication with
the system linker, and will fall back to using the r_debug mechanism.

If this doesn't help, you can also add the libraries manually (once they are loaded), like this:
`eval "add-symbol-file %s -o apkenv_sopool[0].base", apkenv_sopool[0].fullpath` (repeat for `[1]` etc
depending on how many libraries have been loaded)
